# Travel Diary

Travel Diary is a mobile application built with React Native, Expo, and Firebase. The app allows users to register, sign in, and create posts with photos. Users can browse nearby posts on the map and update their profile information.

## Features

1. Users can register and sign in with their email and password
2. Users can choose a set of photos from their album to post a story
3. Users can view posts created by themselves and other users
4. Users can browse to an address on the map to view nearby photos
5. Users can update their name and use photos as their profile image
6. Users can successfully sign out with all updates applied to the database

## Screenshots

## Dependencies

- React Native
- Expo
- Firebase
- React Navigation
- Prop-types
- Many more Expo & React Native modules!

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/JunseongKim0105/final-project.git
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   `npm install`
3. Set up Firebase:

- Create a Firebase project on the Firebase console
- Enable Authentication, Firestore, and Storage
- Create an env.js file at the root of the project using the env.example

4. Start the app:
   `npm start`
5. Open the app on your mobile device:

- Install the Expo Go app from the App Store or Google Play Store
- Scan the QR code generated by Expo from your terminal or browser
- The app should open on your mobile device

## Notes

- This app was built using Expo, which provides a set of tools and services for building and deploying React Native apps.
- Firebase is used for authentication, database, and storage.
- The app uses React Navigation for navigation between screens.
- The app uses various Expo and React Native components for UI and functionality.
